You are dreaming oops
What are you wearing, dear?
It wasn't like I didn't sleep five years ago
A woman like you
Say no
This one goes to bed and shuts up
You are a broken shoe who has been married twice
It's your blessing that I like you, and you dare to hit me
I'll tell you what.
People like you
He doesn't deserve to be Zhaozhao's father at all
If you dare to appear in front of Zhao Zhao again
I'm not just hitting you, I'm fighting you
Run, I'll see how long you can be stubborn
I heard you got married again.
You don't promise me
I'll tell your husband
Let him know what kind of scourge you used to be
Don't you dare
What am I afraid of?
You have two options now
Or sleep with me again
Give me another vaccination fee
Or give me the baby
Okay, in that case
You drugged me 5 years ago
Why don't you go to the police station together?
Hey
You're crazy. It's been five years
It's been five years.
Then why are you running in front of me?
Don't get out, stinky bitch
I gave you a chance.
Since you don't want it, don't regret it. Go away
Why is that?
Zhaozhao's father is him
Such a scum
I don't deserve to be a father at all
Jesus Christ.
I just got married
Just got married if Huo Yanchen
Knowing that I have such a dirty past
He must dislike me
Sunan brother Sunan brother
People like you don't deserve to be happy at all
boss
Check out I want
I'm going back for a divorce